hi bros here your idol and raul 03 and mp y
this time I bring you a file that
will modify the appearance of the sky in its
gta san andreas this file is called
team esic point that if they have
asked what is it for or what is it
what does he do according to what I have
researched the team exit defines the
time of day in the game also
affects the viewing distance and its
fuzziness of the map and can also
change the color of the sky
I bring you a team esic that changes the
color of the sky good enough of
babble and I'll better teach you how to
go in the game but before I'll show you
how to install it the truth is that it is very
easy but good
they download the rar file from the
description after you right click
over and then in extract here
they will extract a folder and open it
inside it will come the mod file
it's called active sync and it's in format
of and must move the file to
directory of your gta san andreas in the
data folder
when they move him he will tell them that if
they want to replace the file they have
you are given to move and replace and ready
will be installed this mod I recommend
make a backup of your
original file now let's go to the game
What a tranza I am, today I will show you how
you can see the sky here in san andreas
the net looks very good to me I like it
much the sky is changing according to
the hour of the day
and the distance and opacity of the map
they see very well not like in other times of
shit
if they are fixed they can also see that the
light reflects on me and other objects
now I will show you how to change the
hour changes the tone of the sky
every hour of the day has its own color
of heaven and it looks much better than the
original also this mode does not have
errors or is incompatible with others
ways
and as I said the sky light
reflects on me and on other objects too
depending on the time
and something else also has an effect on lnb
service
how can you see the reflection of the car
the same changes according to heaven
ok sc j the snout xd and the
video is over but before I will tell you
that he has a sign is mine no longer
agreement where I got it and there's also
several people who have doubts about
what is the mesic tee and good this mode is
little seen so that's why I made the video
and also because he had nothing to do
xc and another thing I created a menu
final for my videos on youtube
I would like you to comment on what
it seems but good
I am chau and raul 03 and mp
already from the mud in that event bluffing
no great hollow skeleton talents
succeed
would help the ghetto try again
to break